# Milestone M2: Team Feedback

This milestone M2 provides an opportunity to give you, as a team, formal feedback on how you are performing in the project. By now, you should be building upon the foundations set in M1, achieving greater autonomy and collaboration within the team. This is meant to complement the informal, ungraded feedback from your coaches given during the weekly meetings or asynchronously on Discord, email, etc.

The feedback focuses on two major themes:
First, whether you have adopted good software engineering practices and are making progress toward delivering value to your users.
Is your design and implementation of high quality, easy to maintain, and well tested?
Second, we look at how well you are functioning as a team, how you organize yourselves, and how well you have refined your collaborative development.
An important component is also how much you have progressed, as a team, since the previous milestone.
You can find the evaluation criteria in the [M2 Deliverables](https://github.com/swent-epfl/public/blob/main/project/M2.md) document.
As mentioned in the past, the standards for M2 are elevated relative to M1, and this progression will continue into M3.

We looked at several aspects, grouped as follows:

 - Design
   - [Features](#design-features)
   - [Design Documentation](#design-documentation)
 - [Implementation and Delivery](#implementation-and-delivery)
 - Scrum
   - [Backlogs Maintenance](#scrum-backlogs-maintenance)
   - [Documentation and Ceremonies](#scrum-documentation-and-ceremonies)
   - [Continuous Delivery of Value](#scrum-continuous-delivery-of-value)

## Design: Features

We interacted with your app from a user perspective, assessing each implemented feature and flagging any issues encountered. Our evaluation focused mainly on essential features implemented during Sprints 3, 4, and 5; any additional features planned for future Sprints were not considered in this assessment unless they induced buggy behavior in the current APK.
We examined the completeness of each feature in the current version of the app, and how well it aligns with user needs and the overall project goals.


- Your application contains complex feature such as a custom GPS routing optimization with seemless google map integration !

- The feature are functional but here are a few nitpicks :

- Error validation bug on provider on boarding, upon entering a business name less than 3 char "complete registration" is disabled and no error is shown (the message appear once the user clicks or selects another textfield)
- No text limit on input for description and title which leads to a funny but functional UI
- the profile page is not scrollable, and some minor element are sometimes hidden due to the address being too long (or in landscape mode)
- Sometimes the address field is already filled in, but an error displays "invalid"

The feature values is well optimized each sprint with a good balance of between an ambitious UI and back-end functionality


For this part, you received 7.4 points out of a maximum of 8.0.

## Design: Documentation

We reviewed your Figma (including wireframes and mockups) and the evolution of your overall design architecture in the three Sprints.
We assessed how you leveraged Figma to reason about the UX, ensure a good UX, and facilitate fast UI development.
We evaluated whether your Figma and architecture diagram accurately reflect the current implementation of the app and how well they align with the app's functionality and structure.


- Your figma is excellent but some little deviation from the app can be observed
- Your Architecture diagram is extremely clean featuring even the repository!


For this part, you received 5.7 points out of a maximum of 6.0.

## Implementation and Delivery

We evaluated several aspects of your app's implementation, including code quality, testing, CI practices, and the functionality and quality of the APK.
We assessed whether your code is well modularized, readable, and maintainable.
We looked at the efficiency and effectiveness of your unit and end-to-end tests, and at the line coverage they achieve.



- Your code base is clean, modular and follows the MVVM pattern. However it lacks documentation.
- Your line coverage is really high (88%) but edge case tests are a bit lacking.
- The E2E tests simulate user input on the most basic userflow and comon feature! 
- The APK works seamlessly!


For this part, you received 14.8 points out of a maximum of 16.0.

## Scrum: Backlogs Maintenance

We looked at whether your Scrum board is up-to-date and well organized.
We evaluated your capability to organize Sprint 6 and whether you provided a clear overview of this planning on the Scrum board.
We assessed the quality of your user stories and epics: are they clearly defined, are they aligned with a user-centric view of the app, and do they suitably guide you in delivering the highest value possible.


- The sprint backlog contains a few items that did not have a time estimate, some tasks have a user story tag
- The Spring backlog task are highly relevant task that contain futher description and have a priority
- All the user stories are still on the product backlog even if they have been implemented in the app


For this part, you received 2.8 points out of a maximum of 4.0.

## Scrum: Documentation and Ceremonies

We assessed how you used the Scrum process to organize yourselves efficiently.
We looked at how well you documented your team Retrospective and Stand-Up during each Sprint.
We also evaluated your autonomy in using Scrum.


- The scrum documents are thoroughly completed
- The scrum meeting could show more engagement from the each team member


For this part, you received 3.9 points out of a maximum of 4.0.

## Scrum: Continuous Delivery of Value

We evaluated the Increment you delivered at the end of each Sprint, assessing your team’s ability to continuously add value to the app.
This included an assessment of whether the way you organized the Sprints was conducive to an optimal balance between effort invested and delivery of value.


- Great demo that showcases the app and its use case well!


For this part, you received 2 points out of a maximum of 2.0.

## Summary

Based on the above points, your intermediate grade for this milestone M2 is 5.58. If you are interested in how this fits into the bigger grading scheme, please see the [project README](https://github.com/swent-epfl/public/blob/main/project/README.md) and the [course README](https://github.com/swent-epfl/public/blob/main/README.md).

Your coaches will be happy to discuss the above feedback in more detail.

Good luck for the next Sprints!
